we begin in Gaza where Israeli shelling
targeted a United Nations humanitarian
Distribution Center in Rafa killing at
least five people nearly 155 unra
installations have been hit since Israel
started its war in October the UN Agency
for Palestine refugees has also lost
more than 100 employees including
doctors and Engineers well for more on
this alzer's T kazum is on the phone
from Southern Gaza what more can you
tell us at this stage uh about the
strike and were the five that were
killed uh were they un
workers yes in fact this is a serious
development that has taken place in Rafa
the area that is designated by the
Israeli military as a safe Zone where
this is the first time that Israel is
targeting the UN Ron facility here in
Rafa while they have been multiply
targeted different un facilities in
different areas where they have operated
before and this in fact is contributing
to Bringing a clear and new reality for
Palestinians that Israeli Army is now
expanding the military attacks to Rafa
and this considered to be a deliberate
targeting for one of the areas that is
providing aids for 1.9 million
Palestinians being dis relaced and
Palestinians are seeing this attack as a
kind of an introductory for what might
come next that Israel is trying to exert
more pressure on residen herea and with
more deliberate targeting in un
facilities Palestinian are afraid that
the UN must can stop their operations
here in Raa which can bring a completely
a very ultimate dangerous scenario for
the majority of gazans who are right now
depending mainly on all the AIDS
provided by the United Nations now the
situation for Palestinians is getting
really dire as the area that had been
bombarded was very densely populated and
crowded with people because the attack
has been carried out in C ra where
people are usually very to the market
going to the Aid distribution center to
receive Aid and this is also considered
to be a kind of more serious attack that
might really bring an end for onward
operations from the perspective of
Palestinians if it continued in the for
future okay thanks so much for that
update that's TK abom for us there in
southern Gaza